# Classification-of-suspicious-and-non-suspicious-activity-using-Machine-Learning
Analysis of data and find out the anomaly and missuse attacks using big data technologies. These identification are done by Four algorithm (Naive bayes,SVM,Decison tree,Logistic regression,Ada Boost)
Whether you're banking online, connecting with friends, sending emails, or checking out the real estate market in your area, the Internet has become an essential part of everyday life. What you may not know is that this amazing resource is also a breeding ground for criminal activity – where you’re every move can be monitored and your information compromised.
With the evolution of networks, threats or attacks with the intention of disrupting service or stealing confidential data are increasing tremendously. Networks have to be monitored constantly and protected against attacks. Network security involves measures to detect, deter, prevent and correct security violations that involve the transmission of information. How secure is your home or corporate network? Many administrators believe they are protected behind layers of security solutions such as firewalls, IPS/IDS appliances, endpoint security products, content filters, SIEMs, etc. Regardless of your investment in security technology there will always be risk, which dramatically increases as soon as people are included in the equation. You may be surprised to find an unpatched server leaking sensitive information through hidden ports or bots hidden on your personal computer phoning home in the middle of the night.
In data analysis, we classify features, count them and construct complex statistical models in an attempt to explain what is observed. Analysis allows us to discover which phenomena are likely to be reflections of behaviour of a variety and its chances to occur. Firstly, network traffic data is collected from a variety of sources. Given a set of specific cases, attributes and features of those cases are extracted. Required approach is designed to retrieve needed dataset. 
